# Group Meeting #8
#### Where?
* In class
#### Who was present?
* Ben, Vanessa, and Cody
#### When?
* Nov 8th, 2018 @ 1:15PM 

## What was discussed
* Discussed required technology to build our required product
* Creation of the repositories
* Plans to begin working on the mobile app using Flutter

## What we need to do
* Begin building a usable product for the next client meeting
* Keep thinking about solutions for upcoming problems

## What our future plans are
* Plan next weekly meeting and work on application together 
* Plan client meeting
