# Group Meeting #13
##### Where?
* Online via google hangouts
##### Who was present?
* Ben, Vanessa, and Cody
##### When?
* January 8th, 2019 @ 9:30 AM
* During class time
##### Why?
* Weekly team meeting and new semester planning

## What was discussed
* Plans for the upcoming semesters first release (primarily the login factor)

* What each person will work on throughout the semester and directions they can head into


## What was accomplished?
[X] Split the jobs up proportionally within the group while allowing room for assistance from other members   

[X] Planned out how the upcoming login issue with the application will be dealt with.  



## What needs accomplished?
[ ] Connecting the app the the back-end to promote a login database that contains users emails to allow access to the application   

[ ]  Being able to insert emails into the email database and only being able to access them through an administrative account   
[ ] Connect with the other team to plan on how the mapping will be enacted

[ ] Continue looking ahead in the semester
