# Group Meeting 5
Date: 10/27/2018

*Where: Library
*Who: Ben, Cody, and Vanessa
*Duration: 20 min
*Why: Weekly Meeting

## What was discussed?
* Talked about and began work on UML diagram. 
* Talked about the TRS Colloquium. Notes from that event are detailed below. 
* Talked about and prepared for client meeting on Tuesday, October 30th a. Present wireframes, prototypes, and the requirement document to the client to get their input. 
* Delegated out work on prototypes/wireframes. 
* Talked about more proposed changes to the requirements document. 
## What needs to get done?
* Protoypes & wireframes - Ben & Cody. 
* Ensure Requirements Document is fully completed- All. 
